hello there this is griffin lobster with
my very first video on youtube let's
play super mario brothers three so
please excuse my not good video making
skills all right we'll start level 1 I
can all good games alright priciple on
the skin but basically I'm making this
tour because I saw a bunch of videos
let's play videos and always fun to
watch a particular fan of hood stirred
in 77 rayman 2 let's play that's first
of all washed and then I kind of watch
to Congress bad for a day let's play I
really like it all suppose how to do of
my favorite game I realized quite a lot
of people already done this in the lex
boys just enough room for your run here
so you get these cones and also drop
into this
this piping all right so this is gonna
be a trial video I'm going to do about
three levels it's going to shorter than
a normal let's play like Oh secret about
the and if you run and then hit at a
45-degree angle at that you'll get a
start just about every time I promise
you if chances are if you don't then you
probably miss mixed up on the level two
yeah a pretty simple level then it's cuz
yeah I'm kind of going really fast
let's go away like to play this let me
not be too girl come to concert listen I
hit that people off as they climb up the
block get in here first of all ready no
air play the game before let's grab
these three grundman mill kind of stuff
grab that oh yeah Gilligan
there's a leaf in there okay so I'm like
that happens this game really really on
throws the power upset you Morgan
goombas my ball here's a SAM star guy
hey hey come back come back come back ok
I just want to get one show you good oh
yeah it's coming back now just a couple
guys
first rc daljit I totally told you do
you believe me all right now here you
have it here you have a choice you have
level three level 4 or you go right on
the fortress pretty little see first how
you just pick up the Shelf say scream
out there
Cooper
that's most locators coin heaven a
couple levels in the game and have coin
having it this is being welcomed I think
there's another 15 I'm gonna mistaken
but the thing is grab coins to get one
ups oh and there's a isn't one of
mushroom up there to mark local mine aah
crowd too late it's in that isn't that
brick no future okay now there's a
secret exit here she's white block yeah
can dunk on that for like three seconds
or so like this oh and you like presto
change-o go behind the scenery doesn't
make any sense all but you run behind
the ending and you'll get this woman I
was a toads house Kato and you can first
ever item which is one of three warp
whistle somebody I'm not going to use it
on to show you where they are they get a
PT game
okay I'm just gonna cut it here because
this is an experimental version so next
time on let's play Super Mario Brothers
3 i'm going to go probably over here to
this toad house thank you for watching